WordPress
Accessibility Day 2023.
Opening remarks with Amber Hinds,
WordPress Accessibility Day
Lead Organizer,
and CEO of Equalize Digital.
This was recorded on September
27th, 2023.
We are at 9:46, so I'm going
to go ahead and kick us off
for WordPress
Accessibility Day 2023.
I am incredibly excited
to welcome everyone
to WordPress Accessibility Day.
This is the second
WordPress Accessibility Day
that I have had the
honor of organizing.
My name is Amber Hinds,
if you haven't met me, and I am one
of the Lead Organizers.
I'm very proud of what we've
accomplished this year.
And so I just wanted to start off
by sharing some of the background
about the event, and some of the
things that you can look forward to,
and, of course,
give some thank yous.
So if you aren’t familiar,
Joe Dolson and several people
on the WordPress Core
Accessibility Team founded
the first WordPress Accessibility
Day in 2020, and I was a volunteer
for that year's event.
And as a volunteer,
I loved the concept of 24 hours
of free accessibility education
that could be watched by people
from all around the world.
Many wonderful web accessibility
events happen in the United States,
but not as many take place during
business hours in other parts
of the world.
And our hope is that WordPress
Accessibility Day can help
to fill that gap.
Although it felt a bit
like an experiment,
reviving WordPress Accessibility
Day as an event independent
from the WordPress
Community Foundation,
which is how we did it last year.
Last year's WordPress Accessibility
Day was a great success.
We had a phenomenal organizing
team, great speakers, sponsors,
and volunteers.
And by the end of the event,
1,604 people had registered.
This year, Joe, Bet Hannon,
and I took the event further
and we registered WordPress
Accessibility Day,
which is actually WP Accessibility
Day, as an independent organization.
And then through a
partnership with Knowbility,
we gained 501(C)(3)
nonprofit status.
The reception this year has been
more than we could have imagined.
We received so many amazing
speaker applications
that selecting speakers
was a truly difficult task.
The lineup that we have today
should be both educational
and inspiring from a diverse group
of speakers from around the world,
41% of whom I'm excited
to say have a disability,
and can share experience beyond
just the able perspective.
As of a few hours ago,
we have had over 1,900 people
from 68 countries registered
to attend this year's event.
So very exciting.
Before I sign off and the
event begins, I would like
to thank a few people.
First, the organizing team.
Joe and Bet,
you both have been amazing co-leads,
and I cannot thank you
enough for your contribution
to what is now a
nonprofit endless event.
Ryan Bracey, thank you and
your team at Second Melody
for leading our rebrand
and our redesign.
Joe Hall, along with Bet,
thank you for your contribution
to finding the sponsors
that make this event happen.
Our other team leads, Isla Waite,
Adrienne Grace, Richard Gauder.
Again,
we couldn't do it without you.
As well as Alex Stine, Chris
Hinds, Nick Croft, Devin Egger,
Danielle Zarcaro, Raghavendra
Satish Peri, and Vicent Sanchis.
Thank you for your contributions.
We're already thinking about
WordPress Accessibility Day 2024.
If you would like to join us,
and you're an attendee today,
I would love to encourage
you to get involved.
There's an interest form on the
organizer page on our website.
You can go fill that out and we'll
send you more information next year.
Thank you, too,
to the amazing volunteers
who are making this event run
smoothly, from MCs to moderators,
and monitors in the chat.
Please visit the volunteers page
on our website to get to know all
of these wonderful people.
Unfortunately, I don't have enough
time to thank them all by names,
but they are helping
the event happen.
Of course, WordPress
Accessibility Day would not happen
without our sponsors.
Thank you to Platinum sponsors:
Equalize Digital and Gravity Forms.
Gold sponsors: 20i, Deque,
Empire Caption Solutions, Pressable,
and WP Engine.
As well as all of our silver,
bronze, micro sponsors, and donors.
Please visit our sponsors pages
on the website throughout the day
to learn more about them, and
also get swag and enter giveaways.
Our sponsors have a lot of
great stuff for you all.
And what's a conference
without swag?
So don't miss it.
Sponsorship funds and
donations are allowing us
to have live captioning and sign
language interpretation today,
and to get the recordings
professionally captioned
after the events.
This is a question that we’ll
probably see come up a bunch.
Yes, these are being recorded.
The recordings will be
available for you with captions
and full transcripts,
thanks to our sponsors.
They also cover the cost of Zoom
Webinars, and paying for software
that keeps the event
running smoothly year round.
I'm proud to say that with our
sponsors support and your donations
from attendees,
we increased our donation
to Knowbility this year by $500.
So this year we were
able to donate $2,500
to Knowbility to help
continue their mission
of supporting website accessibility
training and education.
Thank you.
A genuine thank you to all of
you here today in the audience
who are interested in learning
more about website accessibility,
and are working to make the
internet work better for people
with disabilities.
You are making a difference
to countless people.
I'm going to sign off
now, but stay tuned.
We'll be back at the top of
the hour for our Keynote:
Conversation with Joe Dolson
and Jennison Asuncoin.
In the meantime, visit our
sponsors page, and feel free
to engage in the chat.
Thanks so much.
Thank you to WordPress
Accessibility Day 2023 sponsors.
Platinum Sponsor: Equalize Digital.
Equalize Digital’s
Accessibility Checker Plugin
is an automated
accessibility-scanning tool
that helps WordPress websites
become and stay accessible.
Platinum Sponsor: Gravity Forms.
Gravity Forms is the professional
form builder that you need
to create beautiful, powerful,
and accessible forms.
Gold Sponsors: 20i., Deque,
Empire Caption Solutions, Pressable,
and WP Engine.
Silver Sponsors: Code Geek, Drake
Cooper, GoDaddy, Lone Rock Point,
NerdPress.
Overnight Website by Kinetic Iris,
Raiola Networks, A11y Collective,
and The Blogsmith.
Bronze Sponsors: AccessiCart,
GreenGeeks Web Hosting,
Hall Analysis’ SEO Consulting,
HDC, ITX, IvyCat, Metabox,
PixelChefs,
Simply Schedule Appointments,
SiteGround, Termageddon,
Underrepresented In
Tech, Weglot, and Yoast.